"Eureka!" the man screamed as the room filled fith a golden glow. Sweat beaded off of his forehead as he shouted for his assistant.
"Johnson! Get me the Box!"
Johnson froze in response:
"The Box? Doctor Waldstein, do you think that it really necessary? " he asked in fear.
"YES! I need it now. Hurry!" The doctor screamed in panic.
Johnson dashed across the laboratory, knocking over chemicals and electronics until he found the Box. He gingerly picked it up and hurried back to the doctor.
"Quick!" Shouted the doctor, "Enter the code 1234 on the keypad!"
"Really, your password is only 1234? Shouldn't it b..."
"Now!"
Johnson entered the password and braced for what was about to come.
The lid of the box sprung open to reveal a syringe with a strange blue liquid
"Take the serum! Now!" ordered Waldstein.
"Sir... this isn't what I signed up for... I'm only an intern!" Johnson stuttered
"Take it now! We're running out of time!" the doctor replied impatiently.
"Okay okay!" Johnson whimpered, slowly injecting the strange blue liquid into his arm.
The intern could feel the chemicals begin to take effect. His body went numb, his vision blurred, then suddenly...

The door to the laboratory burst open, and six men wearing combat gear stormed in. In his daze, Johnson
could fainty make out the shape of Doctor Waldstein moving towards him. A bright flash was followed by
several loud bangs, and the Doctor's body fell limp on the floor next to Johnson. With his last dying breath,
the Doctor was barely able to get out
"...Please... let it... let it work..."
then lay to rest. As if snapping awake from a dream, Johnson became fully aware of what was going on.
The bloody mangled body of Waldstein lay slumped on the ground next to him. Five of the men with
guns had begun searching the lab, tearing it up as they worked. Noticing he was alert, the man standing
watch over the room turned his attention towards Johnson.

"What did he do to you?"
"I don't know," Johnson muttered, as if in a trance, "I think he finally let me see"
"What the hell does that mean? You are under arrest. Anything you s... Where did he go?"
Johnson, dazed, looked towards the soldier. He was standing right in front of him, but the 
soldier couldn't see him. He quickly dashed to the door. No longer would he be the lowly intern,
he was now the one in control.

Johnson ran outside into the open before stopping in the middle of the street by at an intersection. Cars nearby honked and turned in freight. Blood rushed all through out Johnson's body and his veins popped out of skin. He wasn't a weak shrimp anymore. He had grown nearly 8 inches from his danty 5 foot six frame. He was more than just an intern and more than just an average human being. He had the strength of a bear and the fearlessness of a jaguar. His power so mighty, he clenched the street as if it were play dough and burst into the air. A lady holding her purse gasped with fear and dropped her purse as she watched Johnson fly into the air. "Could it be?" She wondered to herself. Her child yelled, "Our hero is here!" 
